Healthcare
Problem:
Abbotsford’s overwhelmed health care system and workers are drowning under the immense burden of providing adequate healthcare solutions despite health care transfers to the provinces doubling from $20 billion to $40 billion since 2006.
Our healthcare system has the worst wait times of any developed country coupled with unsustainable costs. 
The money Ottawa sends does not directly fund health care and the provinces decide where and how to spend it, creating bickering between Ottawa and the provinces on how much money is enough and who is responsible for our self-imposed crisis.

Solution:
We must end the current confusion over who does what and who is to blame for the problem.
Ottawa should give up its Goods and Services Tax (GST), the same $40 billion in revenues currently transferred to the provinces, to replace the current Canada Health Transfer cash payments.
Healthcare is an exclusive provincial jurisdiction. Provincial and territorial governments should be fully responsible for health care funding and management. This would create the conditions for innovation and end the federal government meddling.
The provinces could then implement reforms in line with the more efficient and less costly mixed (public/private) universal systems of other developed countries. Wait times would be shortened and nobody would be denied care because of low income.

Small Business
Problem:
Small businesses in Abbotsford have been hit extremely hard by the Covid 19 lockdowns, many have closed and are irrecoverable.  
Abbotsford businesses left standing need common sense practical solutions to getting our local economy up and running again.
Solution:
A more competitive tax rate would ensure that our businesses become more profitable.
Reduce over the course of one mandate the corporate income tax rate from 15% down to 10% allowing businesses to save, increase salaries and invest in productivity improvements.
Over the course of one mandate gradually abolish the personal capital gains tax. This measure alone would put $7 billion per year back into the pockets of Canadians.

Supply Management
Problem:
Supply management is a market system that artificially price gouges every Canadian citizen in support of a small group, only six per cent of Canadian farmers, by fixing prices, imposing extremely high tariffs on competitors, and controlling production. 
“Milked and Feathered: The Regressive Welfare Effects of Canada’s Supply Management Regime”, published in the journal Canadian Public Policy states: “Canada’s system of supply management for dairy and poultry industries is extremely regressive because it imposes relatively larger economic burdens on poor households than on rich households”.
Supply management counteracts poverty reduction measures and healthy eating initiatives that are undertaken by various levels of government by transferring 2.3% of annual income from Canada’s poorest households to the relatively rich dairy and poultry farmers.
As someone who volunteers with a ministry to Abbotsford’s at-risk demographic, I can tell you with certainty that Canadians, especially families, living anywhere near the poverty level cannot afford this extra financial burden.  

Solution:
Abbotsford has more “Support Farmers” signs and decaled vehicles per capita than any city in our country. Ending supply management would support the 94% of disadvantaged farmers who are not supply managed, in addition to all the manufacturers and exporters who are hindered from access to international markets and fair-trade negotiations because of it. 
The PPC would create a free, open and fair system that will save Canadians billions of dollars annually. 
Phase out supply management over several years and compensate those negatively affected by the lost value of their quotas.
Allow Canada’s dairy, egg and poultry farmers to thrive and sell their products internationally. 

- - - - - 

Snapshot for web:

* Issue: Healthcare Wait Times and Overburdened System
 - Solution: We must end the current confusion over who does what. [More...]

* Issue: Small Business Lockdown Fallout
 - Solution: A more competitive tax rate would ensure that our businesses become more profitable. [More...]

* Issue: Supply Management Harms the Free Market
 - Solution: Ending supply management would support the 94% of disadvantaged farmers who are not supply managed, [More...]

- - - - - - 
